Fix static map image fetching with Here maps service (#14180)
decidim/decidim: RELEASE_NOTES.md

These are one time actions that need to be done after the code is updated in the production database.

### 3.1. Changes in Static maps configuration when using HERE.com

> As of [#14180](https://github.com/decidim/decidim/pull/14180) we are migrating to here.com api V3, as V1 does not work anymore. In case your application uses Here.com as static map tile provider, you will need to change your `config/initializers/decidim.rb` to use the new url `https://image.maps.ls.hereapi.com/mia/1.6/mapview`:

Reviewer: This URL is still referencing the endpoint for the 1.6, instead of the v3.

Author: Fixed now.

> As of [#14180](https://github.com/decidim/decidim/pull/14180) we are migrating to here.com api V3, as V1 does not work anymore. In case your application uses Here.com as static map tile provider, you will need to change your `config/initializers/decidim.rb` to use the new url `https://image.maps.ls.hereapi.com/mia/1.6/mapview`:

Author: ```suggestion
As of [#14180](https://github.com/decidim/decidim/pull/14180) we are migrating to here.com api V3, as V1 does not work anymore. In case your application uses Here.com as static map tile provider, you will need to change your `config/initializers/decidim.rb` to use the new url `https://image.maps.hereapi.com/mia/v3/base/mc/overlay`:
```

```ruby
  static_url = "https://image.maps.ls.hereapi.com/mia/1.6/mapview" if static_provider == "here" && static_url.blank?
```

to

```ruby

>   static_url = "https://image.maps.hereapi.com/mia/v3/base/mc/overlay" if static_provider == "here"

Reviewer 2: I think the second conditional should stay, as if not we're breaking the API (i.e. if someone has configured another static URL or something like that). 

```suggestion
  static_url = "https://image.maps.hereapi.com/mia/v3/base/mc/overlay" if static_provider == "here" && static_url.blank?
```
